Good evening, family.
Thank you for joining me today.
I appreciate it.
We've got a lot to pray about tonight.
I don't even know where to jump into this river right now; I'm just worshiping and listening.
Some of the things the Lord has shown me today concern the storm and praying over our nation.
I was hearing, "Brandon Biggs loves America.
" My family and I love America.
We love President Trump.
We love our nation and we pray for it every single day.
But there's a storm coming, and I never want to come across as cynical toward America—that I'm up here damning America and saying, "Well, Brandon, you're against America.
" No, I love America.
I love my country.
I pray for it every single day.
We were talking about it today: we pray for President Trump more than we pray for anybody else.
But when you see storms and things coming, I am a watchman and I tell you what I see.
So, I never want to come across as being cynical or against America.
We love America.
I just want you to know that when I say what I say, we love President Trump.
But I'm going to tell you, we need to pray for him.
Tonight's video is dedicated to praying for our country, for President Trump, and for the valley of decision where he is right now and the storm that is on both sides.
He's walking through a valley with cliffs on both sides, and I saw him about to make a major decision.
This decision is probably one of the most important decisions made by any president in decades, probably since World War II.
It's that big of a decision—like the deciding factor for Roosevelt to join in when Japan bombed Pearl Harbor.
We are at a crossroads right now in America, and what we're about to see is an escalation of war like you wouldn't believe.
We're at a tipping point and most people don't realize the severity and the urgency of it.
Maybe you feel the urgency tonight because you clicked on this video so quickly.
But this is a time like we've never seen before.
In this generation, our grandfathers fought in the war.
How many times have I told you I've seen scenes like Saving Private Ryan over Europe and other areas?
I saw the Hitler symbol being called up through sacrifice, through virgin sacrifices out of Berlin through witchcraft.
I saw so much demonic, occultic activity—channeling and trying to conjure up through CERN, through portals, through satanic practice—trying to bring forth the Hitler spirit to bring forth the Mahdi, which would be the Antichrist.
I don't focus on darkness and I really never talk about it, but I tell you what I see when I see it.
Like I said, we're at the Valley of Decision, and so I'm going to go over some of the things the Lord has shown me concerning Cuba and the storm coming out of Cuba.
I've warned about Cuba more than I warned about Venezuela.
Cuba was a hot spot; Cuba's more serious than Venezuela.
We went after Venezuela and we took Maduro out and that's all done, right?
No, it's not done.
There's more coming.
There's a storm.
The drug cartels don't want to let go; they've had a stronghold over that nation.
This is big money—billions of dollars of drug and human trafficking.
They've had a stronghold on that nation.
There are key leaders and people through Cuba that are very dark and it goes into Claudia; it's a three-stranded cord that is not easily broken—a three-stranded cord that goes through Mexico, through Claudia and the drug cartels, and through Cuba.
It's like a V.
What the Lord has warned us so many times is that I saw submarines and boats secretly delivering packages to Cuba in the night.
What is secret to us is secret to the United States.
Being 100 miles away from the southernmost point, I'm sure they know.
They know everything about us; to pretend they don't is ignorance.
But I've seen a storm coming out of Cuba and the Lord kept bringing up the 1960s Cuban Missile Crisis, revisiting old alliances with Russia and Cuba, and the things that I've seen in the days ahead—secret things.
I saw underground caverns that were dug in Cuba, underground bases that had military equipment and biological weapons so they could infiltrate and go after Miami and parts of the Florida Keys.
How do you attack and retaliate?
I saw the dragon come up three times out of the water.
It was lavender.
If anybody remembers the dragon, it had purple under its eyes.
It was symbolic of something the Lord was trying to tell us about.
The dragon came up out of the water three times, dipping three times.
It was symbolic of something we're praying over.
The Lord showed me something biological.
The Lord said, "Watch for the mules," and I saw people moving in the cover of night that had a black drum with a symbol on the side.
Then a biological thing that looked like one of those bank teller tubes, which represented something else.
I saw a cylinder tube that was glass that had a symbol on the side of it.
The Lord showed me that coming out of Cuba, hitting the Miami side.
This symbol I saw on the side of it was very serious.
We see these things and I saw liberation coming.
Remember, I saw a green blade coming up out of Cuba.
Not adding to or taking away from anything, but I saw a brand new future coming for them.
I saw liberation coming for Cuba; I saw green coming up out of Cuba.
That was a spring of growth.
There were cords attached underwater that looked like internet cords that were going toward the Europe and Russia area, and it was attached to a new spring of growth of finances, liberty, and freedom for Cubans.
I saw revival coming to Brazil, Venezuela, Cuba, Mexico, and all of South America.
It was a major revival.
He just kept talking and says it over and over: "Watch Cuba.
They're in your backyard.
" That's what has been on my heart today.
In this Valley of Decision, it concerns Cuba.
It's from the persecution.
Remember I warned you what the Holy Spirit told us: 2026 would be a year of a lot of political theater and it would escalate until the summer.
In the days ahead, you will hear "impeach, impeach, impeach.
" They'll say it a lot.
They'll try to remove him.
But here the Lord warned us about the rats.
I don't ever call an individual a rat, but there are rats in the White House, the Pentagon, and Homeland Security.
I pray that President Trump finds every rat and they are exposed.
I saw strategic people that were rats in our military, rats that have infiltrated through the Biden administration and other administrations before Obama and are still here.
So we warn, I pray over these things.
Remember the CIA had a yellow hypnotic coil, and in the days ahead they're going to run that hypnotic coil.
It is yellow and black, which represents something serious, and it broadcasts across America.
Now I'm not into conspiracies; I don't get into all the weirdness.
I just tell you what I see in visions and what the Lord warns me about to pray for our country.
And we must pray for President Trump's safety.
When I was in the spirit last night, I saw again attacks upon his family.
I saw an eye for an eye concerning Melania.
And the Lord said, "Do not forget to pray for Don Jr.
again.
" For I saw him like it was in Back to the Future when Michael J.
Fox was standing on the stage and he had the pictures of his brothers and sisters and they were fading out.
Remember, because he had to get his mom and dad together in the movie.
That's the way Don Jr.
looked tonight.
He started to fade; he looked like a ghost.
You could see through him.
And the Lord said, "Bring him back in the front.
" And as we pray for him, I saw him become bold in color and his skin filled out again.
He was fading away like a ghost.
And the Lord said, "Pray for him.
" And I saw his feet and his legs become solid again.
Now, I know that's symbolic, and I'm not here to cause drama and cause fear, but I'm telling you what the Lord has told me to pray for Don Jr.
, for his life is in danger.
Pray for his daughter Kai.
I don't know why they would choose to pick a young woman.
I don't understand why I see her face before me, but the Lord said, "Pray for Don Jr.
and pray for Kai.
" So, I would encourage all 5,200 of you to take this very seriously and pray for this man.
For they said, "An eye for an eye.
" I hear it; I go into their meetings.
The Lord allows me to do this stuff.
I don't know how; it's just by the Spirit of God.
But I pray for this man's life.
I saw great grievance again coming upon our president for losing his son.
And he was broken.
He's just as human as all of us are.
He's a tough old bird that has a backbone like a crowbar and makes hard decisions when nobody else has the rocks to do it.
So I pray for him.
I pray for his family because the Lord said you'll be so thankful that you have him in the days ahead.
There's a storm coming to our nation because of the Biden administration and what they let in our nation over the last four years before President Trump's term.
And in the days ahead, the Democrats will look really stupid, even more so than they already do.
And the liberalness with which they are trying to destroy our nation is because they wanted to bring it down.
They have to bring it down; it's in the way.
But thank God for President Trump and thank God for our people who fight for our nation—our men and women of service and our law enforcement of Homeland Security, FBI, CIA—the ones that are good for what I see.
And I strictly say the ones that are good.
And I pray for every single one of us that we are protected in the days ahead.
I saw again last night Kim Jong-un talking on the phone in a private meeting with Putin, with Xi Jinping, and it was a conversation even with Ayatollah Khamenei.
They were all talking and they were furious about Venezuela.
They were furious about how this would all take place and they were devising a plan of how to infiltrate each piece of land that they wanted.
Kim Jong-un was offered a lot.
I could hear them talking.
It was on a landline; it wasn't a cell phone.
It was a secret landline so nobody could tap it.
He was wearing black silk clothes; he had gold embroidery around it.
He had women all around him.
I saw women feeding him and bringing him drinks.
I saw servants of women that looked like prostitutes all around Kim Jong-un.
They were young girls, probably in their 20s, but there were lots of them.
I would say probably 10 to 20 because they were coming in and out of a room and they were bringing things and they were fanning him.
He was sitting back in what looked like a lounge couch, and he had his hand up and he was talking on the phone and communicating.
He acted like he was some kind of pimp or something.
I don't know how else to describe it.
And he was talking and I saw them devising a plan against our great country.
They were upset because of Venezuela.
But I saw them.
I saw Xi Jinping trying to get the votes across in his own country that he needed more votes.
There were people that were standing against invading Taiwan, but he had three votes of three men that looked like generals.
They were in army fatigues and had a lot of badges on their chests.
They were in favor of taking Taiwan.
But he had a group of people that were not in favor because they didn't want retaliation from the United States for their economy and what they thought would be retaliation for their actions.
They were scared because Donald Trump is strong.
If it was anybody else, it would already be done.
I'm telling you, they are afraid of strong leadership.
And that's what I saw, that they were weighing out the balance if it was worth the risk to take Taiwan.
I saw in the vision they took Taiwan in two or three days to totally take it.
They surrendered.
It didn't take much.
Just like Venezuela, they went in; they took out the leadership.
I saw them go in with their special ops.
They came in on helicopters.
I watched it all in the vision.
I saw how they did it.
They landed and they took everybody out.
Now, they didn't escape with no injuries; there were casualties.
I saw people laying all over the ground.
They were fighting back.
But it didn't take much because they did basically the same strategic plan that we did on Venezuela.
It was like that.
They're too powerful.
I saw that happening and as I saw this happening, I saw a plan against Israel to strike Israel.
This was more strategic; it happened at night.
Turkey and Syria were all involved.
The Brotherhood—I saw biological weapons used during this attack that were in 50-gallon drums that looked like yellow liquid.
I saw it again, but not this time.
It just wasn't on that side, which would be the east, right?
No, yeah, east.
It was Egypt, and I saw it coming out of Egypt also.
It was surrounded on all sides.
Then I saw again a Jason Bourne kind of an attack against the coke snorter, Zelensky.
I saw him being taken out and I saw a proxy government being put in that was pro-Ukraine and pro-Russia.
I saw an escalation.
I heard them say, "We can stretch him too thin that he can't retaliate against all of it at once.
We can stretch him too thin that we can do it if we all be strategic.
We can stretch him too thin that he can't protect everybody at once.
He'll have to choose who he wants to help.
It'll be too much because he already has his hand in Venezuela and Cuba.
" Do you understand?
So we can stretch him too thin.
And I heard him say, and I saw like a rubber band that looked like it was ready to break.
It was stretched in the vision.
It was stretched.
And I saw a plan to try to escalate war.
But this is the thing: they infiltrated us within.
Stretch too thin for the enemy within.
Stretch too thin for the enemy.
The enemy within is what I heard.
A Red Dawn experience, D-Day.
And there was an enemy within.
But the Lord said, "I want to show you something.
" And as I looked across, there were Chinese troops in our country.
And people were just focused on the Muslim-Arab people, the Middle Easterners.
But there was infiltration also of Chinese secret spies in our country that had been let in through the border.
And it wasn't just one country who has infiltrated us, but we have more than one.
And there were Chinese secret ops in our country.
It wasn't as much as the Arabs, but they were still here.
And so I see these things, and the Lord allows me to warn you to pray for our nation, to pray for our president, because he has a lot of hard decisions to make in the days ahead.
We still have to pray over the elections coming up in 2026.
But the country will look a lot different by then.
This is 250 years of our beautiful country.
And so I believe that we'll have revival.
I believe we're going to see a lot of things.
But when I told you, there it is.
It's like a quarter.
It's that thin.
It's rice paper thin.
The dark's going to get darker on this side and the light's going to get lighter on this side.
And 2026 will mark a year like you've never seen before.
And from 2026, 2027, and 2028 will be an acceleration of things.
The Lord brought me back.
Thank you.
There He is.
He said, "Tell them again about the rat.
" I saw Elon Musk coming back on the scene being a friend, remember?
And I said he will use social media and there will be the potential for a Watergate scandal in 2028.
A Watergate scandal will try to break forth in 2028 that will try to derail the presidency of 2028.
It will be because of social media and things will be asked.
We can pray this away and maybe we just exposed it right now so it won't happen.
But I saw the opportunity for a Watergate scenario using social media because of great pressure from the EU, from Europe.
All of them coming against Elon Musk and X.
There'll be major lawsuits that will come against Elon Musk in the days ahead for mega money to sue him regarding First Amendment rights and for shutting down the freedom of speech in their nations using his platform.
And they will try to attack him.
And I saw great censorship coming through 2026 all the way through 2028 for fact-checkers and all kinds of things.
They're going to try to make it where you can't say things.
"Oh, this is false information.
" You know how they always do, like what they did with COVID and everything else.
Facebook is trash.
It's my opinion.
I can't stand that platform.
Now some people might like it; I don't.
And I'm entitled to say that I don't like it.
I don't like Facebook.
I don't like TikTok.
I don't like Instagram, but I use them because they are witnessing tools for the Lord.
I personally don't like them.
I don't mind X or Truth Social.
You know, I believe Elon Musk can become radically born again.
I have seen it.
You say, "Well, Brandon, how?
" I believe anybody can get saved.
Whenever I saw the pricks on the hearts last night and Diana found the verse, I saw the hardest of hearts of people.
I saw a man with a beard and tattoos all over his body, and he was so angry.
His mother had been praying for him last night, and I saw this man that seemed like he was hellbound.
Nobody's going to save this guy; he is hellbound.
I saw a prick on his heart, and what was a black heart of stone, just like onyx black, got a little bit of life in it, and the life started to spread.
You know how you are purple if you drowned or something, and all of a sudden they bring you back and all of a sudden that rigor mortis that's setting in and you get that blood flow and that purple starts to fade away?
That's the way his heart looked.
And the Lord said, "The hardest of hearts in the days ahead, I'll prick them with just love.
It just takes one prick.
" And he used the scripture.
It was Acts 2:37.
Thank you, son.
Good job, Braden.
Acts 2:37.
And He's coming after the hearts that are hardened towards Him.
He's leaving the 99 to go after the one.
And when we were praying into it, we even prayed for a young man whose name was Tyrone.
Tyrone.
We called forth Tyrone to come home.
I saw an African-American woman, an old woman praying for Tyrone.
She was an elderly woman in her rocking chair and she was interceding and weeping before the Lord for Tyrone.
God's heard all of your prayers.
He loves the souls just as much as you love your loved ones.
He loves His kids and He wishes that none should perish but all come to repentance.
Every single one of us.
He loves even the darkest of the darkest sinner.
And He doesn't want any of you to go to hell.
Not one of them.
And that's why I was trying to say so much last night.
People try to misconstrue what I was saying.
It's not going to validate the Bible, but it will shake the Muslims in the days ahead because of the artifacts that will be found out of the earth.
The Word of God validates itself.
It doesn't need any help.
But there are some people that will not believe unless they see a sign.
They're just that hard.
And the Lord said, "I'm going to provide a sign for the unbelievers, Brandon.
" That's what He was saying.
And He's going after the Muslims that are so strong in their faith because they're blinded.
They're blinded by unbelief.
They're blinded by false religion.
They're blinded like some Buddhists.
They don't see.
And I saw going across Asia, the hardness of the hardest hearts in Asia that were so bound by being a Buddhist or Muslim or whatever, that the Lord said, "I'm going after the Asians.
" And I saw a wave of glory, a wave of the prick of His presence upon the hardest of hearts bringing them in.
And I saw the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen.
Will it be everybody?
No, sadly.
But He's leaving the 99 to go after the ones that we're praying for.
So, I want to pray for the people tonight.
I'm praying for a greatest harvest of souls in America and Europe and in Asia and in Australia, in South America, in Africa.
Why not believe for, you know, I hear one preach a billion-soul harvest and all this stuff.
Then I hear one guy who says we have 30 years left and all this other stuff.
Listen, be careful who you're listening to.
We don't know about 30 years.
Jesus is coming.
And He keeps talking about having an urgency.
What's an urgency if it's 30 years?
He's standing at the door.
And He tells me, "Brandon, I'm standing at the door" to the ones that are truly hearing Him and that are not cold or trying to perform.
If God's not speaking, just shut up.
There's no reason to perform.
We're not here to entertain you.
I don't have to stay relevant.
If the platform dies tomorrow, I'll go back to doing full-time eBay and Poshmark.
I enjoyed it before.
I do this because He asked me to.
Tonight, I wasn't going to do a broadcast.
He said, "Brandon, I need you to help me.
" I was cleaning the floors, and I told Braden, "We're not doing prayer tonight.
I'm going to take a break.
" He said, "No, I need you to help me.
You must pray for your president.
" So, I say all this in 30 minutes.
I gave you a little something of where we are.
We sure love you, all 7,700 of you.
Thank you for being here tonight.
We appreciate every single one of you.
Almost 8,000 people here to pray, so let's pray.
We'll take communion before; I always do.
People ask, "Why do you do that?
" Because I don't go before His throne without taking communion first.
I don't want to be snared by any familiar spirits.
I'm just as human as you are, and you've got to cover all your roads and all your bases because the enemy comes in like an angel of light and he'll snare you faster than you can think about it.
It's obviously snaring a lot of prophetic voices.
So you need to always take communion and go before His throne boldly, listening to Him by taking communion, prayer, and worship first.
Don't just jump in a river thinking you can hear.
The Lord said the gift is only pure whenever the glory is on you.
I had this dream—I'll say this real quick—I was at a conference and I was getting ready to speak.
The guest speaker walked up to me and the glory of the Lord came on him, and she said, "What do you see?
" I felt the glory.
She said, "Only speak and reveal what the Lord's showing you until the anointing is on you to do so.
" Every time I went to say something, I couldn't get the words out because the glory wasn't there.
The power of God knocked me down; it was a whole thing of correction.
But ever since then, I always wait.
Even when it comes to any of my own personal stuff, even when I'm talking and listening to the Lord with Diana, I wait until the cloak comes on.
Do not talk for the Father unless you feel the presence of the Lord like I do right now.
Wait.
Wait on Him.
There's no hurry.
If it doesn't show up, you shut up.
You're not here to tickle people's ears and you're not here to perform.
Just go on about your business, son.
I can do nothing apart from Him.
I have this treasure in earthen vessels, that the excellency of the power may be of Him and not of me.
Regardless of 7,700 people, I want to get that across.
Father, we just lift up this body.
We thank You, Father, for what You're about to show us.
You said, "I have things for you to do," and I'm so grateful that You asked me.
I humble myself before You.
What is it that You have need of, Father, that You would look at me?
Father, we take this body in the name of Jesus and we thank You, Lord, that You died for every single one of us so that we don't have to go to hell.
By Your stripes we were healed.
You took it all on the cross for us.
You took sickness and disease.
You took mental torments, depression, SAD, seasonal affective disorder.
You took anxiety and pressure.
You had so much pressure on You that You sweat blood.
Lord, I'm so grateful for what You did for us.
We take this body in the name of Jesus and we believe we receive what You did for us by faith, that we're wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.
You dwell on the inside of us by faith and we receive it in Jesus' name.
I'm a believing believer.
Amen.
Lord, we take the blood and we apply the blood of Jesus over our great nation.
We thank You, Father, for our president.
We thank You, Father, for his children and their children.
We plead the blood over his wife and over Barron, over Tiffany, over Ivanka, over Eric and over Don.
We cover every single one of the kids and Kai and the grandkids in the blood.
We thank You, Lord, that no weapon formed against them will prosper.
A thousand shall fall at their side and ten thousand at their right hand, but nothing shall come nigh.
We pray over JD Vance and over his wife.
We pray over their kids.
We thank You, Lord, that the angels of the Lord are kept around about them.
We thank You, Lord, for our law enforcement, our sheriff's department, our local police department, the FBI, and the highway patrol.
Father, we cover every single one of them in the blood.
Homeland Security, the NSA, the TSA—I thank You, Father, that we make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
We pray over the churches.
I pray over Lakewood Church; it comes before me again.
I pray over Lakewood Church and all that area around there.
I pray over Houston.
I pray over Joel and Victoria.
I plead the blood of Jesus over them.
I thank You, Lord, that no weapon formed against them would prosper and every tongue that rises against them, Father, we condemn it now.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that there's a shaking to awaken and the great glory of God would rest on them and bring them back to a stronger foundation and a stronger root in Jesus' name.
We plead the blood over them.
Lord, I take this blood right now in Jesus' name.
I even see John Hagee right now.
Why those churches, Lord?
Cornerstone in San Antonio, Texas.
It's a bloodline around that church because he's standing with Israel.
It's an attack because of what he does with Israel.
This is what I'm seeing right now; it's because of his stance toward Israel.
He's very vocal about this.
There are local groups—I see one particular person that is an ISIS supporter there in San Antonio.
I'm seeing it very clearly; it's one individual for sure.
He's a sympathizer.
He looks like he's African-American mixed.
He's lighter skinned, not full African-American.
Everybody knows what I'm talking about.
He's maybe 240 or 250 pounds.
This is very serious.
I see this man; he's a sympathizer.
No, we call him down and we call him exposed.
You'll not touch the Hagees.
You'll not touch Cornerstone Church.
We bind you in the name of Jesus Christ.
We command you to cease and desist your maneuvering and we plead the blood of Jesus over Cornerstone Church and over the congregation.
No weapon formed against them will prosper.
We bind this demonic assignment.
We command you to cease and desist now in Jesus' name.
We call for an uncovering of every plot, every plan, and every pursuit on this congregation.
We say you will not do this in Jesus' name.
We thank You, Lord, that we'll see the news and he'll get born again and radically saved in Jesus' name.
It's him and two others.
Now, Sister Clipboard, don't be calling and bothering these people.
We've got it.
His people, I'm sure, watch.
So don't be calling and blowing up his phone, okay?
Don't be trying to harass these people.
Don't be flaky.
Pray.
Use more time praying instead of being a busybody.
Be more prayerful instead of careful.
No, there'll be so much more in the days ahead that the Lord will reveal to you.
You must get a backbone like a crowbar.
We're in dark times.
Stop being scattered like the sky is falling.
The sky is not falling.
That's why he's called us to watch on the wall, to take our authority over things, and to be able to use our faith, our God-given authority.
Like Sister Sister Billie always tells us, 'The Authority of the Believer.
' You must read books like this and fill your spirit full of good literature instead of the trash you're watching on The View or whatever.
Stop watching that, Sister.
Get in the Word daily.
He says daily, not just on Sunday.
Thank you, Lord, for even your correction.
We love you.
He's so funny.
If you could hear the way he talked right then, he was stern.
I'm sure he makes me laugh.
I just go, 'Okay.
Well, I just said it just the way you said it.
' Come up before me daily, not just on Sunday.
We've got bigger angels than they've got demons.
They're all defeated.
Do you understand?
But the reason why things get through the cracks is when people don't take their authority over where they live, pleading the blood, doing what we're doing.
And when you do that, the enemy's under our feet.
Satan doesn't have power over you.
You have power over him.
Jesus took it all.
Do you understand?
As he is, so are we in this world.
As he is, so are you in this world.
And you need to know who you are.
We're believing believers.
We're not doubters.
And we're not sitting there when we see all these things and saying, 'Well, the sky is falling.
We're going to hell in a handbasket.
' No.
I put these on there because it brings you in.
I don't believe all the drama that's going to happen.
We're going to stand on the wall and say, 'No, you're not taking our land.
We're going to stop some of this stuff.
' Some of it's going to happen, folks.
The Lord said so, but not around my house.
There's no crack around here.
Do you understand?
You've got to take authority.
The Lord said, 'Brandon, you will see some things and it will shake the nation, but it doesn't have to touch you.
A thousand shall fall at your side and ten thousand at your right hand, but nothing shall come nigh you.
' Do you either believe it or you don't?
But there were still ten thousand and a thousand that did, but it wasn't you.
Only with that eye shalt thou behold and see the reward of the wicked.
He said, 'Get Psalm 91 and Psalm 23 as a foundation inside of your heart for what's coming.
You must know the Word of God for what's coming.
It cannot be that you just visit it every once in a while.
You must get the Word down inside of you so that it is a pillar inside of you.
' You say, 'I know in whom I have believed.
I know.
I am fully persuaded that what God has promised, he is able also to perform it.
' I am fully persuaded.
Even in the deadness of Sarah's womb, he considered not his own body.
Abraham could have said, 'Well, you know what?
We're old, busted, and disgusted.
Here we are, honey.
We're at the end of it.
' No, no.
But God promised.
He is able to do that which he promised.
'I'm going to be a father of many nations.
' And here came Isaac first and Ishmael.
But God.
And you must know who you are in these days ahead.
Get that backbone like a crowbar, get a revelation of this beautiful book that he's given us, and stand on this Word and speak to the mountain because your mountain needs to hear your voice.
Tell your mountain, 'Be thou removed, be thou cast into the sea.
' Don't doubt in your heart.
You'll have whatsoever thing you say.
Speak to it: 'I am healed.
I am delivered.
I am prosperous.
I have the mind of Christ.
' According to 2 Timothy 1:7, God hath not given me a spirit of fear, but of power, and of love, and of a sound mind.
I have a sound mind.
I'm not going to be tormented by a devil's torment.
I'm not accepting his package at my door.
I refuse the package.
You're not doing it in my house.
You better stand on the Word in the days ahead or you're going to be in trouble.
You better get this book down inside of your heart or you're in trouble.
This is God's Word speaking to me.
He's speaking to me.
I am who he says I am.
I can have what he says I can have.
I can do what he says I can do.
Either you believe it or you don't.
I'm just catching so many of you religious Pharisees; you must come up higher with the fire.
You're running out of time.
Jesus Christ is coming.
Do you understand, ladies and gentlemen?
He's coming.
He's standing at the door.
We're about to see the greatest move of God we've ever seen before.
I saw Brother Hagin standing on the side.
I saw Kathryn Kuhlman.
I saw these people.
I keep seeing these visions.
They're watching.
They're getting ready for the show.
They're excited about it.
The great cloud of witnesses are watching.
Do you realize how blessed you truly are that you were born for such a time as this?
I was taking out the trash just a little bit ago and I walked over and I said, 'Lord, whatever it takes, let's see the greatest move.
I want to be a part of it.
Use me for something more than just what I'm doing.
' Never lose your hunger.
Never lose your thirst.
Got to get on track.
The Lord said, 'Brandon, you've got to get on track.
It's getting late.
' So let's pray over President Trump and let's pray over his decisions, okay?
And I'm just going to pray in the spirit because I have no idea what to even say about it in the natural.
You know, I could talk in the flesh and pray in tongues, and it gets a lot more...
let's hit the mark.
And you that don't pray in tongues, you pray in English.
Pray in what you know.
Pray in what you understand.
Okay?
I pray in the spirit.
Acts Chapter 2.
And if you don't understand what I'm praying and understand about tongues, get the book Why Tongues by Kenneth E.
Hagin, and it will change your life.
Why Tongues by Kenneth E.
Hagin and that little book takes you less than 30 minutes to read it.
It explains everything about the baptism of the Holy Ghost.
It's probably less than a dollar on the Hagin's website.
His son Kenneth Jr.
has it on there.
It's like this big.
You can probably even find it for free on there.
Read it.
Read it again if you want to know about the baptism of the Holy Ghost and why tongues.
And you say, 'Well, it's not for everybody.
' It is for everybody.
It's your spirit speaking forth mysteries.
Now, I'm going to pray in tongues and we're praying perfect prayers before the Lord and I believe with all my heart he's going to show us what we need to be doing right now.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
I just yield over to you.
Go get your mama, baby.
Get her the book and let her write down whenever because I want her to write this stuff down.
I'm in New York.
I'm by Times Square.
I'm going down that street in Times Square.
We call forth Wall Street to flourish.
It's about the economy.
I hear pinging.
How do we do this without firing a shot?
Oh, man.
When you're writing, baby, pray with me.
I'm seeing it, man.
But it's pushing through that.
I see it's about the economy, but it's being blocked.
Okay.
I had to know.
It's the UN.
I'm at the UN.
I'm seeing the flags.
I see colors.
That's camouflage: blue, green, dark blue, light blue, black, gray.
It's in a camouflage pattern.
It looks like a map.
You know, whenever it looks like a map, each place would be a different place on a map.
This looks like Africa.
Yep, that's exactly what it is; it's a map.
Cool.
What would make him a different color then?
Lord, what is a different color?
How they vote.
I see our Supreme Court judges playing into this.
I see the one that was put in there by Bush.
Do you see his name?
Roberts.
That's him right there.
That's who I'm looking at right there.
He's in the spirit.
This man right here is concerning him.
So, we need to hold the moon.
Do I say that out loud?
An African-American man.
Two faces.
I see Kim Clement's face.
Ready and gold.
The gold.
A great multiply.
You will see a great multiply.
The columns.
So, we're on the track of the economy going through the votes, going through the judges, going through precious metals.
A new digital gold.
The names of the digital gold.
Take note.
From coast to coast to the ocean.
The growing.
And the great foundation.
The bolts in the foundation.
Roll the mold.
The beast.
The foundation of the beast.
The leaks.
Make the mark.
Dakota.
He is able.
He's your source.
He is the most high.
Sowing and sowing and sowing, and the day will come.
I see a breakthrough concerning Iraq again.
I see Saddam.
I see a breakthrough in Iraq again.
The Lord said, 'Lay hold of it again.
Don't let it go today.
' He's molding and molding, and you're bened abundantly.
He will come boldly molding.
I see the snakes.
They're coming up, and it's concerning the upper north.
I see snakes coming up out of Pennsylvania, Minnesota, and Michigan.
There's snakes in there.
Boston.
But they're baby snakes.
These are baby snakes, and they're coiled up and they have their heads up.
They look like little cobras.
This is corruption.
Do you understand?
They're corrupt.
It's corruption on the land.
These snakes are in that.
These are Democratic areas.
This is concerning the corruption.
This is the daycares.
You understand?
They're babies.
This is concerning the corruption upon the land: Minnesota, Michigan, Ohio, the Boston area.
But there's much corruption.
Pennsylvania.
Fetterman.
Toast.
I hear Fetterman.
It's best that you show it.
As she said, the best is to show it.
You're not above the law.
You're meddling in this.
You try to hide it from us.
Who is Colton?
The disguise.
They will try to hide the disguise to come.
They're bending their base.
The polls will deny that they are not in the lead.
They keep the lies.
They'll claim to lead.
But the lies.
This is about the midterms.
There's a lot more to this.
Lord, they will try to deny.
The mayors.
You must come up closer.
I see General Flynn.
Both of them.
We're praying over their mouths, praying over their influence for a leak.
A plan to lead.
I wonder if he's going to try to do politics.
Yep.
Praying for him to lead a part of the land.
It's a decision calling forth leaders across the land.
Strong leaders in position to take the land, in positions of authority.
We must have great positions of authority, calling forth leaders across the land that have a backbone to take over these places.
You leaders for the midterms, leaders like Charlie Kirk.
You must have leaders to come up against Islam.
They need to lead across the land.
Marching orders.
So I see General Flynn across the land, leading the nations, speaking to lead people like Charlie Kirk, like you.
We need the Lord said, praying for these leaders that will take the baton, for like Charlie Kirk to be speaking against Islam, taking across the land public figures for senators, house seats, judges—people that will rise up with a backbone like a crowbar for the land.
We're seeing judges tonight.
There's corruption in these states.
The Lord's saying there's corruption to come.
Pennsylvania, there's corruption just like it is in Minnesota.
There's corruption in these other blue states.
And what if a red state swings red?
He said it's a swing state.
A storm.
Isn't it interesting?
It's all up there east and stuff.
I'm looking at it so close.
It's so blue.
And I see there's corruption just like in Minnesota.
They did it all over the place.
The Lord says they did it all over the place.
It's not just one place.
There's a lot of corruption.
Billions.
It was because of Biden.
No leadership, and they'll try to bury it and they'll push it out.
It's acid wash.
How do you get rid of this?
They're scrambling like rats right now.
They're trying to bury this, and it's too hard to bury the level of the corruption that's about to come out.
Las Vegas, Nevada.
California, Gavin.
Embarrassing moments over still embarrassing moments even for Kamala.
There is some bad stuff there.
I am looking into it, campaigning.
The Lord said, "Don't say nothing else.
" Lord, I can say it.
I could say it, Lord.
You just need to know that.
Thank you all for always praying for me, for my family, for my safety.
The Lord said the level of corruption that is upon this land—there are layers of fraud.
Financial fraud.
Elon was right about the 1.
5 trillion layers of fraud.
It is just a stench.
The layers of fraud.
He tried to say something, didn't he?
He did, didn't he?
He said a lot.
He's bold.
Okay, I'm going to say this.
Here we go.
I see arrows that come out of Washington into Ukraine.
They look like red arrows and they go into bank accounts into banks in Ukraine.
And once they get into the bank account—pay very close attention to what I'm about to say—they go into a vault and then it's distributed out through many other little bank accounts.
I count up to eight arrows coming out of accounts, so eight different people for sure are munching on this.
And the Lord said, "Don't forget the 24 billion.
" It is in a vault that was digital.
He said those are wire transfers.
And the thicker the arrow, the bigger the money that came out of it.
So some of those arrows are very thick and some are skinny.
Some of them come out and they are red, but some are thicker than others.
So the Lord said, the bigger the arrow, the bigger the money.
The smaller the arrow, the smaller the money.
But it is a stream concerning money fraud.
It is all part of that money Elon was talking about.
It's levels and layers of money laundering and fraud.
Very interesting, though.
Looking at the Holy Ghost, boy, if you could get all that back, we wouldn't be in so much national debt.
They are trying to take down our beautiful nation.
All these people deserve prison.
Treason against our beautiful nation.
They've tried to destroy us.
Their day of judgment, the Lord said, has begun.
They think they've escaped it in the natural, but they will not escape it.
Seedtime and harvest doesn't cease.
Son, what a man sows, that will he reap.
And the sower and the reaper are going hand in hand.
In 2026, I'm going to cleanse the land.
I'll cleanse the land in politics.
I'll cleanse the land in your church for a shaking to awaken.
Finances will flow.
The catfish—he can only sustain it for so long.
Trump, he is just buying time.
Ride the wave.
Do the paladin.
I see Macron's face.
He put a kink in the hose concerning Venezuela in the BRICS.
He put a kink in their hose.
It wasn't just a little garden hose, ladies and gentlemen; it's a fire hose.
He put a fire hose in BRICS concerning the financial flow, and I see the same thing with Cuba.
Did they try to kick me off?
I'm talking; I've said too much.
Father, we just thank you for President Trump.
We thank you, Lord, for wisdom.
I pray peace over his mind tonight, that he sleeps well, that he would hear you in the midnight hour on the direction he is supposed to take regarding Cuba.
Give him boldness, Father, and a reassurance that he has nothing to lose, that he is fixing it before his term is over.
He is running out of time.
They are in our backyard.
He fixes it before his term is over.
Thank you, Father, that you protect our president.
Give him wisdom and give him people around him that would encourage him to keep doing what he is doing.
We're eliminating the people in the backyard that are bad, getting ready for revival.
A major revival is coming.
And for those of you who don't see it, it's your loss.
You don't see what he's doing.
It's politics, folks, but he's being led by the Lord.
People don't even realize that God has his hand on it because Jesus Christ, ultimately—listen to me—Jesus Christ is coming, and most of you don't have a clue how close he is to coming.
Some people say 50 years, 100 years.
One person said 30.
Folks, Jesus Christ is coming.
I know no man knows the day or the hour, but we know the signs as we look upon the fig tree.
We see the signs of the times all around us.
And when we crossed over on the 23rd from Rosh Hashanah to Rosh Hashanah, things accelerated.
Now, the Lord said, "Brandon, it's even more accelerated when we've crossed into 2026, 2027, 2028.
" It's going to be years like you've never seen.
And we are already seeing it just like the Lord said.
Iran's falling apart.
People are protesting, going crazy, burning things, shooting AKs in the air.
You've got Venezuela going nuts.
You've got Israel and all the stuff going on in Israel and Ukraine, and little Kim's on the phone looking like a pimp.
I mean, come on, look at all that's going on.
I'm telling you what I'm seeing in the spirit.
But folks, we're in a time like we've never seen before and we just crossed over into it.
We're in day six tomorrow.
Watch what happens and just pray over the rest of this month.
I'm believing for the wealth transfer to start taking place.
We pray over that a lot tonight.
Gold and digital gold, supernatural increase with finances like we've never seen before concerning gold and these other things that the Lord was saying tonight.
I am believing God for the supernatural.
I'm not a financial adviser, but we can pray and do it together and intercede and believe God because he's talking about it.
And these two judges—what is all that about?
I have no idea.
Praying into these two judges.
I see a change coming.
It's time for corruption to be uncovered in a nation that's full of corruption.
Financial corruption, more than you think.
Minnesota is something.
We are just barely opening the door to the corruption that's in this nation.
Thank God for that young man that has the stones to expose it.
We pray for a hedge of protection around him that no weapon formed against that young man shall prosper.
Nick Shirley, we pray for Nick Shirley to be protected because he had the nerve to expose that.
That's a major deal.
It's not just some thing that he did.
That's a huge deal.
And there's more, much more of what I just saw.
The Lord said it was layers and layers of corruption.
Major stuff coming.
We just pray that we'll have more Nicks to expose it.
And then the Lord said a new Edward Snowden was coming that would make Jeffrey Epstein look like a cakewalk.
Epstein is nothing compared to what's about to be exposed.
The Lord said a new Edward Snowden is coming to make Epstein look like nothing.
They're focused on something they think is something, but it is nothing compared to what's about to be exposed.
I saw file cabinets full of decades of corruption and sexual perversion that have been covered up with the Vatican file cabinets of things that they've paid off.
People got paid off and told to shut up, and the Lord said there's going to be a great exposing, like a new Edward Snowden coming.
So, all 9,100 of you, I think we just broke a record, did we not?
For many people praying with us, thank you for joining us tonight.
That's amazing.
Praise God, almost 10,000.
I told Braden I was believing God for 10,000 on one livestream.
Wouldn't that be cool?
All 10,000 praying and believing.
You wonder why we are able to do things, ladies and gentlemen.
Because if one of us can put a thousand to flight, think about almost 10,000 people.
That's a lot of people praying, putting a lot of angels to flight and putting a lot of stuff going on.
So, we're going to keep believing.
Father, we just thank you, Lord, that we'll have the greatest voter turnout even in November.
Father, just like you had us praying for General Flynn tonight and leaders that will stick up and say things that are right.
I'm believing God that we'll have great people to vote for that are not corrupt, people that will have integrity and stand for this nation, for our Constitution, and for the Second Amendment.
I saw great attacks coming against the Second Amendment in the days ahead.
The Lord said they have to disarm you, and there will be great attacks against the Second Amendment.
I saw they will mess with the food supply and your psychology.
He said they're going to get a foothold in your media.
They've lost their control with the media, and they will try to reestablish it through CNN, MSNBC, CBS, and ABC because this is part of the demonic Rockefeller agenda.
He said the Rockefellers have to get a hold of your mind first with the media and fake news, then they'll get a hold of your food supply.
I saw plagues coming against our cows, and they're going to come out and say, 'Well, we have alternative meat sources.
' I saw cricket burgers and bug burgers and all kinds of things coming because it busts the morale and it's getting people's testosterone down with men so that they don't have a fighter inside of them.
You're limp-wristed, and they have to take that testosterone down because there are too many people with guns, and then they get you in a passive way of thinking with their media and the crap they feed you.
The Lord said that this is how they're going to desensitize you, Brandon.
This is what they're going to try to do in the days ahead.
Then they'll start attacking religion and freedom of speech.
They'll say, 'You can't say that; it's not politically correct.
It's hate speech.
You can't tell people they're going to hell.
' But he said you'll see the greatest example of this this year in Canada and England.
He said you'll see a great press come upon the Canadian people.
I saw an olive pressing, and fresh oil came forth and a great revival sprang forth out of Canada.
But it will come out of persecution.
The same with Australia.
I saw a new face, a new young man rising up in Australia that will take over and be bigger than Hillsong with a girl named Lily singing and making music.
A little blonde girl will have a brand new song because the Lord said, 'I'm bringing forth new worship that you've never heard before.
I'm going to bring forth holy worship that isn't after Dove Awards, but after just worshiping me, and there will be holy songs that bring in my glory.
' I saw a new wave of worship hit the nation that was the most beautiful praise and worship you've ever heard because it was songs that come from the throne.
The Lord told us that was coming.
It's exciting.
I saw a great revival of young people.
I saw Holy Ghost Woodstock.
They were all in the fields of brush arbor churches.
I still can't figure out why everybody is in brush arbor churches out in the fields, but they don't have them in town.
I think it's because of the plague that's coming.
The people gather in the fields; they don't gather in towns.
Probably like COVID, they wouldn't let anybody go outside, tried to put masks on everybody, and lock them down.
I saw a great rising up saying, 'We're not locking us down this time.
' I saw President Trump standing behind a pulpit like he always does with a red carpet behind him telling everybody he's locking down all international flights in the days ahead.
Then he says we won't have any flights going anywhere to stop the spread.
I saw a major plague come in again.
I see it a lot.
People have no idea that COVID was a test run.
It would be created through AI.
I keep trying to warn you all.
It will be created through AI and it will be spread through rats like a black plague.
Now, it could be a metaphor that the Lord is showing me how this is done, but the rats had red eyes.
Rats don't have red eyes like that.
But he shows me these things and people get afraid, but it's linked with your medicine Ozempic and things like that.
People freak out about stuff like that.
But I'm trying to tell you, I saw they were lacing it and intertwining it with AI technology, bringing back the bubonic plague and the Black Plague of Death, and they were intermingling it.
They're making it into a genetic code, and there was no vaccination to stop it.
They'll tell you there is, but there's not.
I have to be careful what I say because they'll already try to shut me down tonight.
But I try to warn you.
People say, 'When, Brandon, when?
' I'm praying over the fall of 2027 going into 2028, not this year, and really truly not until the end of 2027.
I started seeing it on the news in the visions in November and December of 2027.
It was the highlight of the time.
So, do we have time to pray over it?
Yes.
Can we stop it?
I believe we can do anything through Christ with all these people praying.
How could you not try to stop some of this stuff?
That's what we're here for.
But I keep seeing it, so I know it's still on track.
Even last Friday, I carried a lot, but I'm so thankful that God gave me big shoulders so we could pray for it.
It's not mine to carry; I cast it over onto him, but he tells me to give it to y'all and you can pray with it.
Pray over the famine, pray over Europe, and pray over Italy and this major volcano that's about to go off.
The Lord said even last night when we were praying and the Lord came to visit, he said, 'Watch the fish from the deep come up on Oregon's coast.
' It's a sign that a major volcano is about to erupt out on your coastline and it will cause a massive tsunami wave throughout the coast of Oregon.
I saw British Columbia shaking.
30,000 people will go home that day in British Columbia.
All the coast all the way up to Alaska will be on fire for some reason.
I don't know why—maybe a pipeline.
There's something wrong.
I saw a major shaking even on the pipeline of gas.
Something's wrong on the coastline.
Water comes clear into Seattle.
This is a major earthquake that's about to take place with a volcanic eruption.
And the Lord said, 'Your first sign of what you're about to see is the fish dying in the deep.
' Hey, we hit the 10,000!
All glory to God for the first time.
It bounced out; people left.
They don't want to hear this.
Well, I think it's YouTube glitching around, but it's too cool.
All glory to Jesus.
10,000.
That's pretty neat.
We believe God for that number.
Fish from the depth.
You'll start to see these fish pop up on your beaches and you'll see colonies of whales begin to die from what's in the water.
There's something wrong with the water and it's coming in the days ahead.
You'll remember this video when I told you this.
When you see the signs of the fish coming up from the depth that had never been seen before, you'll know it's even closer.
There's a major volcano that's going to erupt out in the Pacific Ocean by Oregon.
It is massive when it goes off and it will cause a massive tsunami wave.
I saw it happening and a major earthquake is about to take place in British Columbia.
I don't know when.
It could be a year from now, two years.
You say, 'Well, Brandon, you missed it.
It never happened.
' I see in part, hear in part, but when I'm telling you I see the same thing over and over, repeated visions, this is a major warning.
If I see it once, like the water poisoning with fentanyl and killing 23 million people down on the coast, I've not talked about it again.
It's only happened—I've only seen it twice—a major poisoning of the water with fentanyl from the drug lords.
They retaliate and poison water plants down in Louisiana, Alabama, and that area down there.
I saw many people drinking the water and they didn't realize they were poisoned with fentanyl.
People said, 'Brandon, do you not see anything good?
' Yes, I see revival.
But the Lord said, 'I've called you to say the hard things.
I've not called you to say the things that tell the people to pray about things that are bad that nobody else would have the courage to say.
' Tell them to pray and they can change things through prayer.
So I do this and I try to teach you about the authority of the believer.
It's not an easy place to stand and tell you all this stuff.
A lot of you are not even from America that are watching right now.
It's not too late.
I'm usually talking to the Australians right now.
They're usually the ones praying with me because I usually come on late, so we start late.
The Australians are usually watching.
But the Lord said, 'Brandon, I want you to start going on earlier, around 7:00 or 8:00,' because I'm on at 7:00.
Don't go backward.
So that the Americans can pray because you live there.
So we're coming on earlier.
That's why we came on tonight.
I told Braden, I said, 'We've got to do it earlier.
' The Lord said to do it earlier.
So here we are.
We see the plague coming, we see major earthquakes in California.
And I saw a major revival coming to Hollywood.
I saw the porn industry struggling because people weren't looking at trash.
There will be a great revival, ladies and gentlemen.
Those are the good things I see.
Usually, it's about revival and finances, the blessing on cryptos and things like that.
The Lord tells me and that's exciting.
But 99.
9% of the stuff is words of prayer to stop things.
Can we stop the earthquake in Oregon and all that?
I don't think so.
I think we can lessen it and you can pray for the people to be okay.
But just like we prayed for New Year's Eve and we prayed for protection over those people, we stopped that.
Look at how many people were busted and were found out by our awesome law enforcement.
Can we stop an earthquake?
Tennessee??
We'll keep praying for California, praying for the fish.
That's a major sign when you start seeing fish coming up out of the depth of the water that you've never seen before.
This is what the Lord said.
Is this what you showed me today, son?
This guy, whatever.
Who is this dude right here?
He said it's coming and he said fish from the depth.
So it's already happening.
How many times has the Lord warned us about the fish?
I saw lots of fish dead.
He's saying fish from the depth that get you sick.
It's harbingers.
The Lord's trying to warn you.
I've been prophesying—if you go back, Braden's going to make a short and tell you how many times the Lord has warned us about this to validate what we're saying.
Braden found a video today by somebody going viral and people are sending it to us.
535,000 people watched this video because there should be an alert inside of you.
Then I saw Japan being split.
I saw major stuff coming.
I think we prayed enough for President Trump tonight.
He said to Kim Clement, he said, 'The Supreme Court, two shall step down.
' I don't know if that's what you're seeing.
That's really detailed.
Then the Lord started showing me two players for sure.
Two.
I saw two men and I even told who they were.
That's hard.
There are those who are in a strong position in the highest court in the land, the Supreme Court.
Two shall step down for the embarrassment of what shall take place.
But I wish to place in the highest court in the land righteousness.
They shall attempt to put others in to endeavor to reach their goals.
But God says, 'Hear me tonight.
I have this whole thing planned out.
According to my will, for it is now time for me to restore the fortunes of Zion.
' This is my promise, says the Lord of Hosts.
He even talked about the money then.
He talked about the finance.
This is what I was seeing tonight about the money.
Gold by three.
Do you remember?
Times three.
So four, it's 445.
You have to do the math on it.
So go buy.
Well, yeah, but I'm not...
this is not financial advice.
Don't mess with it.
I'm not trying to tell anybody to do anything.
So you all pray about it yourself.
So many people are so immature.
I try to be so open with you, but I can't always share what I'm seeing.
So you pray about it.
But we saw something embarrassing.
This is when the Edward Snowden things happened.
I pray this is not for these two people.
I saw Edward and I saw the African-American man, and I saw their faces tonight.
Two faces.
And then the Lord showed me Kim's face and then he showed me the other.
That's very touchy.
So you all pray about that.
I just call out what I'm seeing in that vision.
Holy Spirit, we just ask you, is there anything else?
If not, I'm going to go on.
We're so grateful for all the people that are here tonight.
And Lord, we thank you that you're exposing the corruption in Ukraine.
You're exposing those accounts.
And I thank you, Lord, that our nation is strong.
And we thank you, Lord, for President Trump.
We thank you, Lord, that our families are blessed that are represented here tonight.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that every single one of them have a restful sleep, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
I bless them in Jesus' name.
If there's any of you here right now and you've never asked Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal savior, I don't want to close this broadcast without asking you, do you know, my friend, if you're here tonight and you've never asked Jesus Christ to be your personal savior, tonight's your night.
I want to just say a simple prayer for you.
And I want you to repeat this prayer after me.
And I want you to say it with all your heart.
Say it with your mouth.
With the heart, confession is made; with the mouth, confession is made from your heart.
Just say it and just mean it with all you've got.
Jesus, I need you.
I believe that there's a lot of you that are riding the fence with Christianity or you wouldn't be here.
Maybe you're just curious because of prophetic words that have come to pass here recently and you're just like, "Who is this guy?
" I'm just Brandon.
I was an ex-sinner that was saved by grace, just like you're going to be.
But I messed up a lot and God gave me a chance.
And he'll give you a chance if you ask him.
If he'd give me a chance, he'll give anybody a chance.
I was once lost, but now I'm found.
And I'm so grateful that he would extend his hand to me and say, "Brandon, I'm pulling you out of that pit.
The pit of despair, the pit of pain, the pit of anxiety, the pit of depression.
" How many times I was on the road of destruction in my life and Jesus pulled me out of it.
And he's no respecter of persons.
And what he did for me, he'll do for you.
You say, "Well, Brandon, I'm battling depression.
I'm battling suicide.
I'm battling addiction.
I'm battling pornography.
I'm battling alcohol.
I'm battling cigarettes.
I'm battling all these things.
My marriage is bad.
I'm dealing with all this stuff.
Would Jesus forgive me?
Would he help me?
" Yes.
Yes.
He's an ever-present help in a time of need.
He's always there, wanting to help.
The moment you say yes, he is there.
His arms are wide open.
He's at your door right now and he's knocking on the door of your heart.
And he's just saying, "Would you let me in?
Will you give me a chance?
" There's many of you that think that you're too far gone for God to forgive.
But there's nothing too big for God to forgive.
It's by grace you are saved.
The moment you confess your sins, he is faithful and just to forgive you of your sins and cleanse you of all unrighteousness.
I don't care how bad of a sinner you have been.
I don't care how bad you think you are.
I really want you to search your heart right now and ask yourself, if you were to die tonight, where would you spend eternity?
All 10,000 of you right now, I know there's probably at least one—for millions have come, but there's still room for one.
Is your all on the altar today?
Have you given him all?
Does the spirit control?
For millions have come, but there's still room for one as you yield him your body and soul.
We yield and we want you, Jesus.
So tonight, if you're here tonight and you're watching this right now, I want to ask you: do you know, my friend?
And more importantly, does he know you?
It's appointed unto man once to die, and after that the judgment.
The very shoes you put on today to go to work or do whatever you're going to do, the undertaker might be taking them off that night.
No one's promised tomorrow.
Your salvation is now.
Now is the time for salvation.
You must know, my friend.
I want to say this simple prayer, but I want you to be bold about your decision.
If you really are all in and you're saying, "I'm all in.
I want to be all in for Jesus in 2026.
I want to start my year out right.
I want to turn my back on the devil.
I'm tired of living the way I'm living.
I'm tired of having a marriage like this, and I'm wanting to fix things.
I'm wanting to sell out to the Lord tonight.
I'm tired of having kids that are the way they are.
" And you're just so tormented inside, but Jesus is the solution to all your stuff.
Stop running from him.
Give all to him tonight.
So, if I'm talking to you and you feel that tug on your heart, I want you to put in the comments section tonight, "Tonight's my night.
I want to be born again.
Tonight's my night.
I'm turning back to Jesus.
" I used to be on fire for the Lord, but I've been wayward and I've been out doing what I shouldn't be doing.
I've been messing around.
I've been doing bad stuff, but tonight's my night.
I want to come home.
I don't want to be this way anymore, Brandon.
And just like the prodigal son, he was in the pigpen.
He spent all his inheritance.
He was busted and disgusted, all upset about everything.
And he thought, "Man, if I could just go back to my dad's house and be a servant, maybe he'll let me back in because I'm tired of eating this where I'm at.
" And he ran.
And as he was coming, his father saw him coming and he had the robe.
He said, "Kill the fatted calf.
My boy's coming home.
" And tonight's the night where Dad's about to kill the fatted calf for you.
And he has a robe and he's ready for you.
And he's saying, "Welcome home.
Welcome home, daughter.
Welcome home, son.
I never left you.
" He says, "I never left you, but you left me.
And I'm always standing right where you left me.
Tonight's your night.
" Just repeat this simple prayer after me.
Say, "Jesus, I believe you're the son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
I ask you to forgive me of my sins.
Tonight's my night, Lord.
I'm coming home.
I ask you to write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
As of today, I turn my back on the world.
I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on the sin that I was doing.
And from this day forward, Lord, I'll serve you.
I sell out to you, Lord.
I'm all in.
I ask you to forgive me, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, that from this day forward, I'm saved.
From this day forward, I'm sold out to you.
Thank you, Lord, that I have a brand new start and I'm all yours.
Thank you, Lord, for making me new.
" It's something you didn't earn and it's something you didn't deserve.
It's grace.
He loves you.
Welcome home.
I'm excited for every single one of you that just prayed that prayer and you said with your whole heart; I believe you just got born again.
Now, what do you do?
You go to a Bible-believing church.
Don't go back to a dead church.
Go to, I'd say, a non-denominational church and get plugged in there.
Read your Bible every day.
Come pray with us.
Pray by yourself.
But be real with God and God will get real with you.
It's not religious; it's relationship.
Stop trying to treat God as some Pharisee hermeneutical weirdness.
I'm saying just be real with God.
"Hey, I had a bad day today.
Can you help me out?
I need you to become more real to me.
" Do you understand?
I think it's so much that people try to put God into some kind of box that he's too hard to touch, but he's always there as a friend.
And when you become a friend to God, God will become a friend to you.
I want to be your friend.
I want to know you more.
I want to be intimate with you.
Thank you, Lord, that you'll part my Red Sea.
Thank you, Lord, that you'll cause the burning bush experience for me.
You're no respecter of persons.
And what you did for Moses, you'll do for me.
What you did for Abraham, you'll do for me.
What you did for Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego in the fiery furnace, you'll do for me.
I thank you, Lord, for those beautiful stories, beautiful things that you did in the Bible.
But God, I thank you that the God of the Bible is real to me.
It's not just some book; it's alive.
So, when you get this book down inside of your heart, it'll change you from the inside out.
And for somebody who's had problems reading, I have to listen to it.
I'm so thankful that Jesus Christ paid the price for me.
So, all 92 of you that gave your heart to Jesus Christ tonight, welcome to the family.
We're excited that you got born again tonight.
Welcome to the family, all 92 of you; that's wonderful.
So, if you don't have a Bible, my wife and I will buy you your Bible for free.
All you have to do is email us in the description down below and just say, 'I got born again tonight.
' All 92 of you, if you need a Bible, say, 'Hey, I'd like to have a Bible,' and my wife and I will send you a Bible.
Read that Bible every single day.
When you go to the church you're going to go to, tell that pastor, 'I need to be water-baptized.
I got born again on a YouTube broadcast and I want to get water baptized to start my 2026 out right.
' Get water baptized, take pictures, and send them to us.
We'd be so excited to see that you got water baptized and you gave your heart, and that you know who you are, and rejoice with you that you gave your heart to Jesus Christ.
Come back, subscribe, click the notification bell, and do all the things to be a part of our YouTube channel.
We're believing for a million men and women prayer warriors in 2026; we're almost to 600,000.
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
We started out just like everybody else with nothing and look what the Lord has done.
Almost 600,000 people have joined up with us and 10,000 of you are here right now.
So, isn't that amazing?
That's a mega church; that's a big church right there.
We have how many, son?
590,062 people are part of our prayer channel.
And then we have the others, China and South Korea, and they're growing too.
Isn't that wonderful?
Spanish, Portuguese.
I tell you what, when Venezuela fell and all that happened, the Portuguese channel exploded.
They were so excited.
So, I guess, do they speak Portuguese over there?
Spanish.
Spanish, yeah, but it sure started taking off really big when they started posting that.
Braden's working on shorts for you all.
But I wonder why Portuguese took off so much; isn't that interesting?
Things you just can't explain.
But he's working on the shorts, he's working on things.
And so we're starting out 2026 with full steam ahead, believing God for big in 2026.
We know that God has a lot for us to do and we're so thankful that you're a part of it.
I think I'll close it there.
We love you all.
Thank you for joining us.
Remember, we put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you and we'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.